welcome to the realm of chocolate one
thematic area and tells a bit about
history of this complaint and to chocolate
and we started with a giant rabbit but
that how many pounds were used
to make him 1,640 pounds of chocolate
and gold for as much as 23 days in
white chocolate chocolate increase and the
magistrates to achieve this last
round a little lighter than he
if someone were start giant rabbit
when calories do not contain ingest
9 million 9 billion and 14 billion
I think the staff would be consumed
it would take about 800 years
we enter the machine of the time in which year
we will leave the 14th century for the
Chocolate is a food aspects of
Gods were divine that they used cacao
for everything mainly by rituals and
if a god called that they welcomed
God to know that wisdom
he lost the kingdom and the doctor
leader he who was land of gold
promised that 52 years later
would return the Aztecs to the
astrologers that time predicted fall
pulled exactly after it
would return the incarnate kingdom in a rhythm
stout white when the courteous bruno
arrived in Mexico
montezuma believe that he was the
reincarnation in this lewis
until the ritual of the gods arrived and
the many Aztec humans gave order
to have a very strong life calling
chocolate is followed would be a juice of the
cacao mixed with some peppers and
also corn starch
he did not like it very cold very much
bitter
so they saw that they were just
visitors of a land many before the
Europeans had many little things
value for them marking then they exchanged
with the gold technicians he had
ass' to be used for almost anything and
also from cocoa beans and the
of your life took you to europe there
only monks to me this recipe
only the names because the baby there
you'll like too big for will
mark freeman as
alcohol only in the heat
conventional chocolate and sugar until
look good on the european side
In this gallery, the history of cacao is
counted by means of sculptures of
chocolate
In this room we have a replica of the
feet of cocoa in its size and high
How long does it take to start giving
all to bear fruit more or less 15
years and it's a curiosity that people
can not overthrow the couple need not
verifies the seed not in vat only has
what to cut is what I think holding
not to mention this is the raw material
of the most beloved delight of all that the
chocolate chocolate is
produced in my factory which is the
the process he goes through until he
our mouth
he leaves the league tank of the future home goes
spend half an hour later you'll be able to stay
still did that cool the trash
the game is being produced now this is
the pomegranate night as it accepted the customer
people fail in the thigh people put mass
At the table we fail what duck.
We'll give it a minute later.
Second time I went to take a break after
It's just taking kaka and going to do it.
milk branch now is me
It's a bad trade show, you can rest assured that
the people of the black street
Look, people thought it best to eat chocolate.
that make
I could not miss a cup of chocolate
hot overlooking the valley of the quilombo
according to the mythical is here to pass a
of the four energy axes of the universe
lawn is a blessed city